W-17660052 azure key vault properties provider provide image context (#2838)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-key-vault-properties-provider/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== Connection Types

> Connectors can use the Azure Key Vault Properties Provider in their configurations. Here is an example of MongoDB Connector using Azure Key Vault Properties Provider in the MongoDB connection type configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors can use the Azure Key Vault Properties Provider in their configurations. Here's an example of MongoDB Connector using Azure Key Vault Properties Provider in the MongoDB connection type configuration.
```
